add synthetics configuration docs (#847)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-configuration.asciidoc

[[synthetics-configuration]]
= Synthetic tests configuration

++++
<titleabbrev>Synthetic tests configuration</titleabbrev>
++++

beta[] Synthetic tests support the configuration of dynamic parameters that can be

> used in the suites. In addition to that, the Synthetics agent which is built on top
> of Playwright supports configuring browser and context options that are available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used in the suites. In addition, the Synthetics agent, which is built on top
of Playwright, supports configuring browser and context options that are available
```

> in Playwright specific methods, for example, `ignoreHTTPSErrors`, `viewport`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in Playwright specific methods, for example, `ignoreHTTPSErrors` and `viewport`. 
```

[discrete]
[[synthetics-config-file]]
== Global Synthetics Configuration

> Create `synthetics.config.js` or `synthetics.config.ts` in the root of
> synthetics project and specify the options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `synthetics.config.js` or `synthetics.config.ts` file in the root of the
synthetics project and specify the options:
```

[source,js]
----
import { SyntheticsConfig } from "@elastic/synthetics"

const config: SyntheticsConfig = {
  params: {
    url: "https://www.elastic.co"
  },
  playwrightOptions: {
    ignoreHTTPSErrors: true, // ignores all HTTPS errors during navigation
  }
}

export default config;
----

> The configuration file can return either a function or an object which will be

Reviewer: This sentence looks unfinished

Author: Fixed.

> To know more about configuring the tests based on environments, look at the
> <<synthetics-dynamic-configs, dynamic configuration>> documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about configuring synthetic tests based on environments, see
<<synthetics-dynamic-configs, dynamic configuration>>.
```

[discrete]
[[synthetics-config-device-emulation]]
=== Device emulation

> Users can emulate a mobile device using the configuration file. Check
> the example configuration below that runs tests in "Pixel 5" emulation mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can emulate a mobile device using the configuration file.
The example configuration below runs tests in "Pixel 5" emulation mode.
```
